materials.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: presentations + talks
permalink: "materials.html"
sidebar_link: true
---

Here's a collection of materials for talks, presentation and lectures I gave. Not complete, but keeps piling up :)

- Feb 2020: [UI5con Belgium](https://openui5.org/ui5con/belgium2020/): "ui5-tooling extensibilitly + CAP + Testing = nice!"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8TEIy7qUmI&list=PLVf0R17F93RXT2tzhHzAr-iiYTmc9KngS&index=3&t=0s)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2020_BE)
  - ⌨️ [github sources](https://github.com/vobu/ui5-cap)
- Oct 2019: 🖥 [TechEd](https://events.sap.com/teched-emea/en/home): "Dive with UI5! (and CAP! and CF!)"
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/teched_2019)
- Jun 2019: 🖥 [UI5con](https://openui5.org/ui5con/): "Dive with UI5!"
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2019)
- Jun 2019: 🖥 ["Extending `@sap/approuter`"](/materials/dsag_ui_exp_2019/) at DSAG UI Expert meeting
- May 2019: 🖥 ["cloud first...then what!?"](/materials/sitHVR-2019/), SAP Inside Track Hannover (sitHVR)
- Mar 2019: 🖥 ["E2E + visual regression testing w/ UIveri5"](/materials/sitFFM-2019/), SAP Inside Track Frankfurt (sitFRA)
- Feb 2019: 🖥 DSAG Technologietage 2019: ["UI5 Entwicklung auf SAP CP (cloud foundry) mit node.js-basierten Microservices und Einbindung in den Continuous Integration Zyklus"](/materials/2019-02-13.DSAGTT19-ui5-nodejs-cf-capm.pdf)
- Jan 2019: 🖥 ["Cloud Foundry development w/ on-premise data"](/materials/sitWDF-2019/presentation/), SAP Inside Track Walldorf (sitWDF)
- Nov 2018: 🖥 ["WebStorm for UI5 development"](/materials/dsag_ui_exp_2018/) at DSAG UI Expert meeting
- Jun 2018: [UI5con](https://openui5.org/ui5con/material2018.html#track2): "TBaaS - Testing and Building as a Service"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WymkuhrWPtc)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2018)
- Jun 2017: [UI5con @ SAP](https://openui5.org/ui5con/material2017.html): "Real-time Image Processing & Augmented Reality"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://youtu.be/7jGqjoDJUqs?list=PLHUs_FUbq4dUb-YahNSkUJgIKOQR4EfIO)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2017_SAP)
- Mar 2017: 🖥 [UI5con @ FFM](/materials/ui5con_2017_FFM): "Asynchronous Code Handling (and how to test that)"
- Mar 2016: very first 🥳 [UI5con @ FFM](https://wiki.scn.sap.com/wiki/display/events/UI5con+2016+-+Frankfurt#UI5con2016-Frankfurt-SessionsCFPList):
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W4_spvHaz8)
  - 📄 ["Inside a Container: Persistence and UI5"](/materials/2016-03-11.UI5con.pdf)
- Mar 2016: Webkongress Erlangen: ["HTML5 @ SAP"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/talks/html5sap-webtechnologie-als-strategische-ui-komponente-im-sap-universum/)
  - 📹 [Video with accompanying slides](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/6110)
  - 📄 [Presentation](/materials/2016-03-09.WKE.pdf)
- Sep 2008: Webkongress Erlangen: ["Digital Bohème: Workspaces und Lifephases"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/uber-den-kongress/webkongress-erlangen-web-2-0-die-zukunft-der-webtechnologien/referenten-2008/)  
  📹 [Video](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/993)
- Sep 2006: very first 🥳 Webkongress Erlangen: ["Typo3 im Einklang mit der BITV – Ein Erlebnisbericht"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/uber-den-kongress/2006-2/vortraege-2006/)
  📹 [Video](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/122)

Commit message:

feat(talks): add ui5con on air, devtoberfest, sotMUCVIE

materials.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: presentations + talks
permalink: "materials.html"
sidebar_link: true
---

Here's a collection of materials for talks, presentation and lectures I gave. Not complete, but keeps piling up :)

- Oct 2020: [SAP online track Munich/Vienna](https://wiki.scn.sap.com/wiki/display/events/SAP+Online+Track+Munich+and+Vienna+2020#SAPOnlineTrackMunichandVienna2020-29thOctober2:00pm-6:00pm): "wdi5 (/vdi5/) for UI5"
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/sotMUVCIE_2020)
  - ⌨️ [wdi5 on gh](https://github.com/jssoft/wdi5)
- Oct 2020: [Devtoberfest SAP, Interview on `cds-pg`](https://community.sap.com/media/devtoberfest/devtoberfest-community-week-volker-buzek-gregor-wolf)
  together with community giant Gregor Wolf, interviewed by legendary Thomas Jung
- Jul 2020: [UI5con ON AIR](https://openui5.org/ui5con/onair2020/): "wdi5 (/vdi5/) - cross-platform test framework for hybrid UI5 apps"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPKscX7Ap2E)
  - 🖥 [Slides](https://openui5.org/ui5con/onair2020/slides/UI5con2020_wdi5_cross_platform_test_framework_for_hybrid_UI5_apps.pdf)
  - ⌨️ [wdi5 on gh](https://github.com/jssoft/wdi5)
- Feb 2020: [UI5con Belgium](https://openui5.org/ui5con/belgium2020/): "ui5-tooling extensibilitly + CAP + Testing = nice!"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8TEIy7qUmI&list=PLVf0R17F93RXT2tzhHzAr-iiYTmc9KngS&index=3&t=0s)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2020_BE)
  - ⌨️ [github sources](https://github.com/vobu/ui5-cap)
- Oct 2019: 🖥 [TechEd](https://events.sap.com/teched-emea/en/home): "Dive with UI5! (and CAP! and CF!)"
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/teched_2019)
- Jun 2019: 🖥 [UI5con](https://openui5.org/ui5con/): "Dive with UI5!"
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2019)
- Jun 2019: 🖥 ["Extending `@sap/approuter`"](/materials/dsag_ui_exp_2019/) at DSAG UI Expert meeting
- May 2019: 🖥 ["cloud first...then what!?"](/materials/sitHVR-2019/), SAP Inside Track Hannover (sitHVR)
- Mar 2019: 🖥 ["E2E + visual regression testing w/ UIveri5"](/materials/sitFFM-2019/), SAP Inside Track Frankfurt (sitFRA)
- Feb 2019: 🖥 DSAG Technologietage 2019: ["UI5 Entwicklung auf SAP CP (cloud foundry) mit node.js-basierten Microservices und Einbindung in den Continuous Integration Zyklus"](/materials/2019-02-13.DSAGTT19-ui5-nodejs-cf-capm.pdf)
- Jan 2019: 🖥 ["Cloud Foundry development w/ on-premise data"](/materials/sitWDF-2019/presentation/), SAP Inside Track Walldorf (sitWDF)
- Nov 2018: 🖥 ["WebStorm for UI5 development"](/materials/dsag_ui_exp_2018/) at DSAG UI Expert meeting
- Jun 2018: [UI5con](https://openui5.org/ui5con/material2018.html#track2): "TBaaS - Testing and Building as a Service"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WymkuhrWPtc)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2018)
- Jun 2017: [UI5con @ SAP](https://openui5.org/ui5con/material2017.html): "Real-time Image Processing & Augmented Reality"
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://youtu.be/7jGqjoDJUqs?list=PLHUs_FUbq4dUb-YahNSkUJgIKOQR4EfIO)
  - 🖥 [Slides](/materials/ui5con_2017_SAP)
- Mar 2017: 🖥 [UI5con @ FFM](/materials/ui5con_2017_FFM): "Asynchronous Code Handling (and how to test that)"
- Mar 2016: very first 🥳 [UI5con @ FFM](https://wiki.scn.sap.com/wiki/display/events/UI5con+2016+-+Frankfurt#UI5con2016-Frankfurt-SessionsCFPList):
  - 🎥 [YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W4_spvHaz8)
  - 📄 ["Inside a Container: Persistence and UI5"](/materials/2016-03-11.UI5con.pdf)
- Mar 2016: Webkongress Erlangen: ["HTML5 @ SAP"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/talks/html5sap-webtechnologie-als-strategische-ui-komponente-im-sap-universum/)
  - 📹 [Video with accompanying slides](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/6110)
  - 📄 [Presentation](/materials/2016-03-09.WKE.pdf)
- Sep 2008: Webkongress Erlangen: ["Digital Bohème: Workspaces und Lifephases"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/uber-den-kongress/webkongress-erlangen-web-2-0-die-zukunft-der-webtechnologien/referenten-2008/)  
  📹 [Video](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/993)
- Sep 2006: very first 🥳 Webkongress Erlangen: ["Typo3 im Einklang mit der BITV – Ein Erlebnisbericht"](https://www.webkongress.fau.de/uber-den-kongress/2006-2/vortraege-2006/)
  📹 [Video](https://www.video.uni-erlangen.de/clip/id/122)
